src/main/docs/architecture/modules/arc42/pages/10_quality_requirements.adoc, before:

= Quality Requirements
[[section-quality-scenarios]]

ifndef::imagesdir[:imagesdir: ../images]

include::partial$includes/all.adoc[]

[cols="<.<1,<.<4a",options="header",frame="topbot",grid="rows"]
|===
| Requirement | Description

|[[REQ-FS,Functional Suitability]] **Functional Suitability** (((Quality Requirement, Functional Suitability)))
|* The software **has to** support the playing of Torg Eternity games.
* The software **should** support the shared campaign.

|[[REQ-CO,Compatibility]] **Compatibility** (((Quality Requirement, Compatibility)))
|* The managed data **should** be accessible from FoundryVTT ((FoundryVTT)).

|[[REQ-US,Usability]] **Usability** (((Quality Requirement, Usability)))
|* The software **has to** be accessible via Web Browsers
* The software **should** provide interfaces for FoundryVTT modules.
* The software **has to** be internationalized.
  There has to be localization for at least _German_ and _English_ languages.

|[[REQ-RE,Reliability]] **Reliability** (((Quality Requirement, Reliability)))
|The systems needs to operate for world wide consumption.

|[[REQ-EF,Efficiency]] **Efficiency** (((Quality Requirement, Efficiency)))
|The software needs to answer requests fast. Otherwise it will not be accepted.

|[[REQ-MT,Maintainability]] **Maintainability** (((Quality Requirement, Maintainability)))
|The software should be easily maintainable.
This includes using widely used frameworks so help can be given quite easily.

|===




== Quality Tree

[plantuml,quality-tree,svg]
....
@startmindmap
+ **Requirements**
-- Functional Suitability (FS)
---_ Tailored to Torg Eternity (FS01)
---_ Game Session Organization (FS02)
---_ Shared Campaign (FS03)
---_ Data Retention TTL (FS04)
-- Compatibility (CO)
---_ Compatible with FoundryVTT (CO01)
---_ Compatible with torg-codex (CO02)
-- Usability (US)
---_ Web based (US01)
---_ FoundryVTT (US02)
---_ Multi-language (US03)

++ Reliability (RE)
+++_ Working Hours 24/7 (RE01)
+++_ 12-Factor (RE02)
++ Efficiency (EF)
+++_ Fast Responses (EF01)
++ Maintainability (MT)
+++_ Small Team (MT01)
+++_ 12-Factor (RE02)
@endmindmap
....

== Quality Scenarios

[cols="<.<1,<.<9a",options="header",frame="topbot",grid="rows"]
|===
| ID | Scenario

|[[FS01,Tailored to Torg Eternity (FS01)]] **FS01** {fs01-index}
|The system is created for enabling Torg Eternity Games.

|[[FS02,Game Session Organization (FS02)]] **FS02** {fs02-index}
|The software should support in planning, running game sessions.

|[[FS03,Shared Campaign (FS03)]] **FS03** {fs03-index}
|The software should create a shared campaign with a shared timeline following the Torganized Play (((Torganized Play))) concept.

|[[FS04,Data Protection (FS04)]] **FS04** {fs04-index}
|The software needs to be conform to the GDPR in Europe.

|[[CO01,Compatible with FoundryVTT (CO01)]] **CO01** {co01-index}
|The data transfer to FoundryVTT based modules should be as seamless as possible.

|[[CO02,Compatible with torg-codex (CO02)]] **CO02** {co02-index}
|The data from DCIS which is compatible with the torg-codex (((torg-codex))) should be included in the torg-codex.

|[[US01,Web based (US01)]] **US01** {us01-index}
|The main interface should be web based.

|[[US02,FoundryVTT Module (US02)]] **US02** {us02-index}
|The system should have API to support specialized FoundryVTT modules.

|[[US03,Multi Language (US03)]] **US03** {us03-index}
|The system **has to** be available at least in *German* and *English* language.
Other translations **should** be easily addable.

|[[RE01,Working hours 24/7 (RE01)]] **RE01** {re01-index}
|Torg Eternity is played around the world. So the systems have to work 24/7. There is no maintenance window available where no users would be affected.

|[[RE02,12 Factor (RE02)]] **RE02** {re02-index}
|Following the guidelines of 'The Twelve-Factor App'cite:[factor12]  support the maintainability and resilience of the system.

|[[EF01,Fast Response Times (EF01)]] **EF01** {ef01-index}
| Request have to be answered quickly. The following time percentiles are sufficient:
[cols="<.<1,<.<1",width=40%,options="header",frame="topbot",grid="rows"]
!===
!Percentage of requests !Response Time
!95%!1,5s
!90%!2s
!75%!2,5s
!50%!4s
!25%!5
!===

|[[MT01,Small Team (MT01)]] **MT01** {mt01-index}
|Maintaining the software and the data must be possible for a small team (basically the full army of myself, me, and I).

|===

Commit message:

Adding some more ideas for integration and antora-ized the bibliography.

src/main/docs/architecture/modules/arc42/pages/10_quality_requirements.adoc, after:

= Quality Requirements
[[section-quality-scenarios]]

ifndef::imagesdir[:imagesdir: ../images]

include::partial$includes/all.adoc[]

[cols="<.<1,<.<4a",options="header",frame="topbot",grid="rows"]
|===
| Requirement | Description

|[[REQ-FS,Functional Suitability]] **Functional Suitability** (((Quality Requirement, Functional Suitability)))
|* The software **has to** support the playing of Torg Eternity games.
* The software **should** support the shared campaign.

|[[REQ-CO,Compatibility]] **Compatibility** (((Quality Requirement, Compatibility)))
|* The managed data **should** be accessible from FoundryVTT ((FoundryVTT)).

|[[REQ-US,Usability]] **Usability** (((Quality Requirement, Usability)))
|* The software **has to** be accessible via Web Browsers
* The software **should** provide interfaces for FoundryVTT modules.
* The software **has to** be internationalized.
  There has to be localization for at least _German_ and _English_ languages.

|[[REQ-RE,Reliability]] **Reliability** (((Quality Requirement, Reliability)))
|The systems needs to operate for world wide consumption.

|[[REQ-EF,Efficiency]] **Efficiency** (((Quality Requirement, Efficiency)))
|The software needs to answer requests fast. Otherwise it will not be accepted.

|[[REQ-MT,Maintainability]] **Maintainability** (((Quality Requirement, Maintainability)))
|The software should be easily maintainable.
This includes using widely used frameworks so help can be given quite easily.

|===


== Quality Tree

[plantuml,quality-tree,svg]
....
@startmindmap
+ **Requirements**
-- Functional Suitability (FS)
---_ Tailored to Torg Eternity (FS01)
---_ Game Session Organization (FS02)
---_ Shared Campaign (FS03)
---_ Data Retention TTL (FS04)
-- Compatibility (CO)
---_ Compatible with FoundryVTT (CO01)
---_ Compatible with torg-codex (CO02)
---_ Compatible with discord (CO03)
---_ Compatible with WordPress (CO04)
-- Usability (US)
---_ Web based (US01)
---_ FoundryVTT (US02)
---_ Multi-language (US03)

++ Reliability (RE)
+++_ Working Hours 24/7 (RE01)
+++_ 12-Factor (RE02)
++ Efficiency (EF)
+++_ Fast Responses (EF01)
++ Maintainability (MT)
+++_ Small Team (MT01)
+++_ 12-Factor (RE02)
@endmindmap
....

== Quality Scenarios

[cols="<.<1,<.<9a",options="header",frame="topbot",grid="rows"]
|===
| ID | Scenario

|[[FS01,Tailored to Torg Eternity (FS01)]] **FS01** {fs01-index}
|The system is created for enabling Torg Eternity Games.

|[[FS02,Game Session Organization (FS02)]] **FS02** {fs02-index}
|The software should support in planning, running game sessions.

|[[FS03,Shared Campaign (FS03)]] **FS03** {fs03-index}
|The software should create a shared campaign with a shared timeline following the Torganized Play (((Torganized Play))) concept.

|[[FS04,Data Protection (FS04)]] **FS04** {fs04-index}
|The software needs to be conform to the GDPR in Europe.

|[[CO01,Compatible with FoundryVTT (CO01)]] **CO01** {co01-index}
|The data transfer to FoundryVTT based modules should be as seamless as possible.

|[[CO02,Compatible with torg-codex (CO02)]] **CO02** {co02-index}
|The data from DCIS which is compatible with the torg-codex (((torg-codex))) should be included in the torg-codex.

|[[CO03,Compatible with discord (CO03)]] **CO03** {co03-index}
|The system should offer a discord bot to use the data (e.g. the ((torg-codex)) contents).

|[[CO04,Compatible with WordPress (CO04)]] **CO04** {co04-index}
|The system should provide a WordPressxref:13_bibliography.adoc#wordpress[^BLOG^] plugin for campaign updates.

|[[US01,Web based (US01)]] **US01** {us01-index}
|The main interface should be web based.

|[[US02,FoundryVTT Module (US02)]] **US02** {us02-index}
|The system should have API to support specialized FoundryVTT modules.

|[[US03,Multi Language (US03)]] **US03** {us03-index}
|The system **has to** be available at least in *German* and *English* language.
Other translations **should** be easily addable.

|[[RE01,Working hours 24/7 (RE01)]] **RE01** {re01-index}
|Torg Eternity is played around the world. So the systems have to work 24/7. There is no maintenance window available where no users would be affected.

|[[RE02,12 Factor (RE02)]] **RE02** {re02-index}
|Following the guidelines of 'The Twelve-Factor App'xref:arc42:13_bibliography.adoc#factor12[^12FACTOR^]  support the maintainability and resilience of the system.

|[[EF01,Fast Response Times (EF01)]] **EF01** {ef01-index}
| Request have to be answered quickly. The following time percentiles are sufficient:
[cols="<.<1,<.<1",width=40%,options="header",frame="topbot",grid="rows"]
!===
!Percentage of requests !Response Time
!95%!1,5s
!90%!2s
!75%!2,5s
!50%!4s
!25%!5
!===

|[[MT01,Small Team (MT01)]] **MT01** {mt01-index}
|Maintaining the software and the data must be possible for a small team (basically the full army of myself, me, and I).

|===
