src/main/docs/src/05_building_block_view.adoc, before:

ifndef::imagesdir[:imagesdir: ../images]

[[section-building-block-view]]


== Building Block View



=== Whitebox Overall System



_**<Overview Diagram>**_

Motivation::

_<text explanation>_


Contained Building Blocks::
_<Description of contained building block (black boxes)>_

Important Interfaces::
_<Description of important interfaces>_




==== <Name black box 1>



_<Purpose/Responsibility>_

_<Interface(s)>_

_<(Optional) Quality/Performance Characteristics>_

_<(Optional) Directory/File Location>_

_<(Optional) Fulfilled Requirements>_

_<(optional) Open Issues/Problems/Risks>_




==== <Name black box 2>

_<black box template>_

==== <Name black box n>

_<black box template>_


==== <Name interface 1>

...

==== <Name interface m>



=== Level 2



==== White Box _<building block 1>_



_<white box template>_

==== White Box _<building block 2>_


_<white box template>_

...

==== White Box _<building block m>_


_<white box template>_



=== Level 3




==== White Box <_building block x.1_>




_<white box template>_


==== White Box <_building block x.2_>

_<white box template>_



==== White Box <_building block y.1_>

_<white box template>_

Commit message:

Added the overview image for the whole Delphi Council Information System

src/main/docs/src/05_building_block_view.adoc, after:

ifndef::imagesdir[:imagesdir: ../images]

[[section-building-block-view]]


== Building Block View



=== Whitebox Overall System

.Overview of the SCS and their transcludes, pages and APIs.
image::dcis-overview.drawio.svg[]

Motivation::
The system tries to separate the concerns of 

* managing the games and campaign,
* providing a character registry (and perhaps in future also a character vault), and
* managing threats.

In addition the functionality of the torg-codex should be provided.

Contained Building Blocks::
_<Description of contained building block (black boxes)>_

Important Interfaces::
_<Description of important interfaces>_




==== <Name black box 1>



_<Purpose/Responsibility>_

_<Interface(s)>_

_<(Optional) Quality/Performance Characteristics>_

_<(Optional) Directory/File Location>_

_<(Optional) Fulfilled Requirements>_

_<(optional) Open Issues/Problems/Risks>_




==== <Name black box 2>

_<black box template>_

==== <Name black box n>

_<black box template>_


==== <Name interface 1>

...

==== <Name interface m>



=== Level 2



==== White Box _<building block 1>_



_<white box template>_

==== White Box _<building block 2>_


_<white box template>_

...

==== White Box _<building block m>_


_<white box template>_



=== Level 3




==== White Box <_building block x.1_>




_<white box template>_


==== White Box <_building block x.2_>

_<white box template>_



==== White Box <_building block y.1_>

_<white box template>_
